README.md, before:

# TourGuide

TourGuide is a sightseeing app aimed at helping Tourists find hotspots in Windsor, ON.

This app allows users to either choose, or randomly find a popular location local to Windsor and have directions given to them.

## Technology

Android Studio

## Mockup

![Navigation](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/MenuScreen.png)
</br>
![ViewPager Screen](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/ViewPagerScreen.png)
</br>
![Reviews](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/Reviews%20Screen.png)
</br>
![Review Detail](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/Reviews%20Detail.png)
</br>
![Map Screen](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/Map%20Screen.png)
</br>

## Authors

| Name             | Github                                              |                           Email     |
| -------------    | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| Joe Bumbacco     | [josephbumbacco](https://github.com/josephbumbacco) | joseph.bumbacco01@stclairconnect.ca |
| Drew Brooks      | [drewbrooks](https://github.com/DrewBrooks)         | w0726128@myscc.ca                   |

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the ![license.md](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Final README update
Added installation section

README.md, after:

# TourGuide

TourGuide is a sightseeing app aimed at helping Tourists find hotspots in Windsor, ON.

This app allows users to either choose, or randomly find a popular location local to Windsor and have directions given to them.

## Technology

Android Studio

## Installation
 
  Clone the project to your device.
  ```
  username@workstationname:~$ git clone https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp.git
  ```
  Or you may download the **.zip** file.
  
  Load the project inside of Android Studio.

## Mockup

![Navigation](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/MenuScreen.png)
</br>
![ViewPager Screen](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/ViewPagerScreen.png)
</br>
![Reviews](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/Reviews%20Screen.png)
</br>
![Review Detail](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/Reviews%20Detail.png)
</br>
![Map Screen](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/ReadMe/app/src/images/Map%20Screen.png)
</br>

## Authors

| Name             | Github                                              |                           Email     |
| -------------    | --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| Joe Bumbacco     | [josephbumbacco](https://github.com/josephbumbacco) | joseph.bumbacco01@stclairconnect.ca |
| Drew Brooks      | [drewbrooks](https://github.com/DrewBrooks)         | w0726128@myscc.ca                   |

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the ![license.md](https://github.com/josephbumbacco/TouristApp/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.
